styleguide/source/_patterns/03-organisms/by-template/page-header.md, before:

### Description
Page Header with used at the top of a page that contains placeholders for optional content and widgets.

### Status
* Stable as of 5.0.0

### Pattern Contains
* Header Tags
* Social Links
* Publish State
* Divider
* Any pattern can be rendered in the optional content or widgets areas by setting the 'path' variable to the location of the pattern and setting the 'data' variable to container of the data object of that pattern.  
  * {% include item.path with item.data %}

### Variant options
* [Version](./?p=organisms-page-header-for-howto) used on the HowTo page 

### JavaScript Used
* This pattern uses JavaScript for the accordions (js/modules/accordions.js)

### Variables
~~~
pageHeader: {
  category: 
    type: string / optional,
  divider: 
    type: boolean
  title:
    type: string / required
  subTitle:
    type: string / optional
  headerTags: {
    type: headerTags / optional
  }
  publishState: {
    type: publishState / optional
  }
  optionalContents: (optional) [{
    path:
      type: string (path to pattern) / required
    data: {
      type: object / contains data object of pattern to include
    }
  }]
  widgets: [{
    path:
      type: string (path to pattern) / required
    data: {
      type: object / contains data object of pattern to include
    }
  }]
~~~

Commit message:

DP-4178 - Page Header - doc updates

styleguide/source/_patterns/03-organisms/by-template/page-header.md, after:

### Description
This pattern is used to add a `<h1>` page title to a page that helps define its content.

### Status
* Stable as of 5.0.0

### Pattern Contains
* Header Tags
* Social Links
* Publish State
* Divider
* Any pattern can be rendered in the optional content or widgets areas by setting the 'path' variable to the location of the pattern and setting the 'data' variable to container of the data object of that pattern.  
  * {% include item.path with item.data %}

### Variant options
* [Version](./?p=organisms-page-header-for-howto) used on the HowTo page 

### JavaScript Used
* This pattern uses JavaScript for the accordions (js/modules/accordions.js)

### Variables
~~~
pageHeader: {
  category: 
    type: string / optional,
  divider: 
    type: boolean
  title:
    type: string / required
  subTitle:
    type: string / optional
  headerTags: {
    type: headerTags / optional
  }
  publishState: {
    type: publishState / optional
  }
  optionalContents: (optional) [{
    path:
      type: string (path to pattern) / required
    data: {
      type: object / contains data object of pattern to include
    }
  }]
  widgets: [{
    path:
      type: string (path to pattern) / required
    data: {
      type: object / contains data object of pattern to include
    }
  }]
~~~
