styleguide/source/_patterns/01-atoms/04-headings/comp-heading.md, before:

---
title: Comp Heading
---
Description: An `<h2>` or `<h3>` element with a styled underline color designated by its CSS class.

## State: ALPHA

### Notes:
- _'yellow' is currently the only value that can be passed for optional variable compHeading.color_
- _'true' is the only value that can be passed for optional variable compHeading.sub_
- `{{ modifier }}` is a local twig variable which is set in the atom twig template by appending `compHeading.color` to a CSS class name

### Used In:
- [@molecules/action-section](/?p=molecules-action-section)
- [@organisms/by-author/key-actions](/?p=organisms-key-actions)
- [@organisms/by-author/helpful-links](/?p=organisms-helpful-links)
- [@organisms/by-author/form-download](/?p=organisms-form-download)
- [@organisms/by-author/multi-row-section](/?p=organisms-multi-row-section)

### Variables:
~~~
 compHeading: {
    title:
        type: string / required
    sub:
        type: string ("true" || "" )
    color:
        type: string ("yellow")
    id:
        type: string
  }
~~~

### Variations
- [@atoms/04-headings/comp-heading](/?p=atoms-comp-heading)
- [@atoms/04-headings/comp-heading-subheading](/?p=atoms-comp-heading-subheading)
- [@atoms/04-headings/comp-heading-yellow](/?p=atoms-comp-heading-yellow)

Commit message:

296 - Comp Heading - New Centered Variant and updated documentation

styleguide/source/_patterns/01-atoms/04-headings/comp-heading.md, after:

---
title: Comp Heading
---
Description: An `<h2>` or `<h3>` element with a styled underline color designated by its CSS class.

## State: ALPHA

### Notes:
- _compHeading.color - 'yellow' is currently the only optional value that can be passed to this variable_
- _compHeading.sub - 'true' is the only optional value that can be passed to this variable_
- _compHeading.centered - 'true' is the only optional value that can be passed to this variable_
- `{{ modifier }}` is a local twig variable which is set in the atom twig template by appending `compHeading.color` to a CSS class name

### Used In:
- [@molecules/action-section](/?p=molecules-action-section)
- [@organisms/by-author/key-actions](/?p=organisms-key-actions)
- [@organisms/by-author/helpful-links](/?p=organisms-helpful-links)
- [@organisms/by-author/form-download](/?p=organisms-form-download)
- [@organisms/by-author/multi-row-section](/?p=organisms-multi-row-section)

### Variables:
~~~
compHeading: {
  title:
    type: string / required
  sub:
    type: string ("true" || "" )
  color:
    type: string ("yellow")
  id:
    type: string
  centered:
    type: string ("true" || "" )
}
~~~

### Variations
- [@atoms/04-headings/comp-heading](/?p=atoms-comp-heading)
- [@atoms/04-headings/comp-heading-subheading](/?p=atoms-comp-heading-subheading)
- [@atoms/04-headings/comp-heading-yellow](/?p=atoms-comp-heading-yellow)
- [@atoms/04-headings/comp-heading-centered](/?p=atoms-comp-heading-centered)
